[SYCL][Graph] Node Profiling (#353)
reble/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

  void ext_oneapi_graph(command_graph<graph_state::executable>& graph);
}

// New methods added to the sycl::event class
class event {
public:
  template <typename Param>

>   typename detail::is_event_profiling_info_desc<Param>::return_type

Reviewer: don't think we should put anything with `detail::` in the namespace in the spec, as it's an implementation detail. The core SYCL spec defines `get_profiling_info()` like this
```
 template <typename Param>
 typename Param::return_type get_profiling_info() const;
```

>   get_profiling_info(ext::oneapi::experimental::node Node) const;

Reviewer: Think new methods defined by an extension need to be prefixed, `ext_oneapi_get_profiling_info()`

|===

==== New Event Member Functions

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Additional member functions of the `sycl::event` class.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
template <typename Param>

> typename Param::return_type event::ext_oneapi_get_profiling_info(ext::oneapi::experimental::node Node) const;

Reviewer: We should add some line breaks to this declaration, in the rendered view it makes this column so long that the description in the next column is hard to read.

Author: I've changed `ext::oneapi::experimental::node` to `node` as is already the case for other functions.

----

| Queries the profiling information of a SYCL Graph node for the graph
  execution associated with this SYCL event. If the requested info is
  not available when this member function is called due to incompletion of
  command groups associated with the event, then the call to this member
  function will block until the requested info is available.

Parameters:

* `Node` - Handle to the node for which the profiling information is queried.

Exceptions:

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if this SYCL event is not
  associated to a graph execution.
* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if the queue on which 
  the graph is submitted was not constructed with 

>   the property::queue::enable_profiling property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the `property::queue::enable_profiling` property.
```

|===

==== New Event Member Functions

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Additional member functions of the `sycl::event` class.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
template <typename Param>
typename Param::return_type 
event::ext_oneapi_get_profiling_info(node Node) const;
----

| Queries the profiling information of a SYCL Graph node for the graph
  execution associated with this SYCL event. If the requested info is
  not available when this member function is called due to incompletion of
  command groups associated with the event, then the call to this member
  function will block until the requested info is available.

Parameters:

> * `Node` - Handle to the node for which the profiling information is queried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Node` - Node object for which the profiling information is being queried.
```
"Handle" language is not really used in the SYCL spec

Exceptions:

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if this SYCL event is not

>   associated to a graph execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  associated with a graph execution.
```

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if the queue on which 

>   the graph is submitted was not constructed with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the graph was submitted was not constructed with 
```

  the `property::queue::enable_profiling` property.
* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if `Node` is not associated 

>   to the graph that was executed by event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  with the graph execution represented by this event.
```

|===

==== New Event Member Functions

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Additional member functions of the `sycl::event` class.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
template <typename Param>
typename detail::is_event_profiling_info_desc<Param>::return_type
event::get_profiling_info(ext::oneapi::experimental::node Node) const;
----

> | Queries the proliling information of a SYCL Graph node for the graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Queries the profiling information of a SYCL Graph node for the graph
```

  execution associated with this SYCL event. If the requested info is
  not available when this member function is called due to incompletion of
  command groups associated with the event, then the call to this member
  function will block until the requested info is available.

Parameters:

> * `Node` - handle to the node for which the profiling information is queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Node` - Handle to the node for which the profiling information is queried.
```

Exceptions:

> 

Reviewer: Might also need an error if `Node` is not associated to the graph that was executed by `event`.

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if this SYCL event is not
  associated to a graph execution ; or if the queue
  which submitted the command group this event is associated with was not

>   constructed with the property::queue::enable_profiling property

Reviewer: I'd split these errors into two points on the `;`

. Using `handler::memadvise` in a graph node.
. Using reductions in a graph node.
. Using sycl streams in a graph node.

> . Profiling information is not available for graphs that contain host-task nodes.

Reviewer 2: Does this require any more design and discussion? If so maybe we should make a note in the issues section at the end. Otherwise can ignore this comment.

Author: IMO, implementing that is not particularly tricky but it just requires to know from which partition the data is to be read.

. Profiling a node from an event returned from graph submission with

>   `event::get_profiling_info(ext::node)` is only avalaible for

Reviewer: `event::ext_oneapi_get_profiling_info`
